Such bold words
Young Master Qín
No matter how much you like this woman
You can’t unconditionally
Favor her
A pest like this in the industry
Should be blacklisted
The one who deserves to be blacklisted
Is you
Lǐ Mù, bring the person up here for me
It’s him, him and Jiǎng Sī Sī
They threatened me
To steal President Qín’s design drafts
Just to deliberately frame President Qín
At the fashion show
What’s going on?
Keep talking
A week ago, Jiǎng Sī Sī approached me
Using me and
This video to force me
To steal your design drafts
If I didn’t
They’d send this video to my parents
The more I thought about it, the more scared I got
So I went to Young Master Qín
President Qín, please believe me
I was really threatened
Please save me
I don’t want
To keep making mistakes
Nonsense
This is clearly Fù Shì’s work
It’s Qín Ruò Yǔ who plagiarized Fù Shì
I have a recording
One week later
Is Qín Shì’s fashion show
I want you to steal
Qín Ruò Yǔ’s fashion design drafts
For me